all right guys here i have the huawei
ascend one versus the huawei ascend to
all right now this the purpose of this
video is to show you the performance of
the huawei ascend 2 and the improvements
that they have made from this previous
version now this previous version it's
running 2.1 android and it's really slow
because it's has a 528 I think processor
and once you try to play Angry Birds
it's it's really like laggy and doesn't
play really well now compared with
huawei ascend to it has a 600 megahertz
processor which lets you get all your
stuff done really quick I can go to the
home button and boom right away all my
widgets load up really quick and not
like the huawei ascend one where you you
press the home button and takes like two
minutes or one minute to load up our
your widgets so that's an improvement
and another improvement of that is that
while way sent to has a 3.5 jack and you
can hook up any headphones that you like
that you know are good and on the web
waste and won the jack is a 2.5
millimeter and it's it's ideal really
like it because i couldn't find
headphones that would fit with this
phone and the life battery the battery
life of this phone is really bad this
phone would die let's say like around an
hour an hour and 30 minutes this is why
i'm charging right now so it's been dead
by now but yeah and this one has a 3.2
camera and then this one has a 5.0
megapixel camera
and as you can see there is a place
where you charge your phone that's not
on the top like it was previously on the
huawei ascend one and this phone is
running 2.3 android and this is just so
smooth compared to the wild ways and one
and the battery life for this is
unbelievable i can i can be like on the
internet or playing games and it won't
die as quick as the huawei ascend one
now i'm going to show you guys that you
can actually play Angry Birds on this so
we're gonna play some angry birds for it
to load up a little bit
and guys this this only cost like 160
dollar song it's uh it's a pretty good
price for this this phone and also very
common they're improving really well
this manga birds see plays younger birds
will have the 600 megahertz processor so
you can play any game you want and
notice how press the home button and Wow
right there all the way just already are
loaded up everything's good running
smoothly so if you guys have this
previous models of Huawei's and one I
recommend you get rid of this and go get
yourself the huawei is sent to thank you
four guys for watching and subscribe and
like this thank you